---
title: Learner Profiles
---

In this section we provide some details of example learner profiles and
suggest some possible different pathways or technical focuses to consider
when teaching or planning a lesson based around this Docker material. As such,
the information in this section is not designed to define fixed approaches and
structures for teaching this material. It is instead aimed to provide ideas
and inspiration and to encourage you to think about your audience when
preparing to teach this material. The information here is based on both
discussions about the intended audiences for this material and on direct
experiences of instructors who have taught it at workshops following different
technical pathways.

## Learner profiles

We begin by providing some example learner profiles to highlight the potential
target audience and the types of different research and technical backgrounds
that you may find among learners engaging with this material. With these
profiles, we aim to encourage you to think about the learners attending your
workshop(s) and which episodes it may be most useful to teach.

TODO: add learner profiles


Considering things from a higher level, we also highlight three core groups of
learners, based on job roles, who you may find attending lessons covering this
material. While recognising that there are likely to be many learners who
don't fit into one of the following groups, or who span more than one of them,
we hope that highlighting these groups helps to provide an example of the
different types of skills and expertise that learners engaging with this
material may have:

- **Researchers:** TODO

- **RSEs:** TODO

- **Systems professionals:** TODO




